hey how is Jones broke up with her oh
don't tell me cuz of the big nostril
thing they were huge
witches sneezed bats flew out of them
we're not that huge I'm telling you she
leaned back I could see her brain how do
you perfectly find women are you gonna
reject over the most superficial
insignificant it hold it I mean I gotta
side with Chandler on this one when I
first moved to the city I went out a
couple times with this girl really hot
great kisser but she had the biggest
Adam's apple
you me I got it Joey women don't have
Adam's apples
you guys are messing with me right yeah
how's a good one for a second there I
was like whoa so you name one woman that
you broke up with for an actual real
reason
Maureen Raziel oh because she doesn't
hate Yanni is not a real reason hello
mr. heckles you're doing it again we're
not doing anything you're stomping it's
disturbing my Birds you don't have birds
I could have Birds okay mr. heckles
we'll try to keep it down
thank you I'm going to rejoin my dinner
part bye-bye okay Janice Janice you got
to get me Janice that wasn't about being
picky yeah we do Janice I miss Janice
though mm-hmm hello Chandler Bing oh my
god Oh Chandler now
that's it there faster
oh stop with the broom we're not making
noise we won we do mr. heckles how did
this happen
now you must've been sweeping they found
a broom in his hand oh that's terrible
I know I was sweeping yesterday could
have been me sweeper huh you never know
never know